Hello my name's
Vikram Madan and I'm
a senior product manager here at
AWS on the deep learning team.
Today, I want to tell you about
Amazon Sage Maker Ground Truth.
Ground Truth is a
new capability of
Amazon Sage Maker that
makes it easy for you to
efficiently and accurately label
the datasets that are required
for training machine
learning systems.
Ground Truth can automatically
labels some part of
the training dataset
and then sends
the rest to human
workers for labeling.
Ground Truth also uses
innovative algorithms and
user experience
techniques to improve
the accuracy of the labeling
that's sent to human workers.
So the current
method for building
a training dataset involves
a lot of manual effort,
and is prone to errors.
It often involves distributing
labeling tasks across a large
number of human workers.
This can add
significant overhead,
and cost, and leave room
for human error and bias.
Additionally, an
operation like this is
extremely complex to manage,
and can take months to process.
So how does Ground Truth
actually fix this problem?
It makes it easy to
efficiently perform
highly accurate
data labeling using
your data stored in Amazon S3.
Ground Truth provides a managed
experience where you can set up
an end-to-end labeling job
with just a few clicks.
You simply need to provide a
pointer to your data in S3,
Ground Truth then offers a set of
templates for common
labeling tasks,
where you only need to click
a few choices and then provide
some minimal instructions to
the human workers to
get your data labeled.
Then you select one of the
three workforce options,
and then on completion
of a labeling job,
Ground Truth will send
the outputted labeled
data to your S3 bucket.
So when selecting a workforce
to perform labeling,
you have three choices.
You can send a labeling task to
the Public Mechanical Turk
Crowdsource Workforce,
you can use one of this
pre-approved third-party vendors
that are listed on
the AWS marketplace,
and you can even bring
your own internal workers,
and what that actually
means is that we host
a labeling application on
which you can onboard
these workers.
So now, let's talk about how
ground-truth helps you improve
the accuracy of
your data labeling.
There's two core aspects here.
The first are innovative UX
techniques that are directly
built into these templates that
you can use for common
labeling tasks.
In addition, Ground
Truth provides
a set of built-in
algorithms that help
improve the accuracy
of labeling by taking
in the inputs of
workers and outputting
high fidelity label.
Next, let's talk about how
Ground Truth improves the
efficiency of data labeling.
Ground Truth has
innovative feature called
Automatic Labeling,
which actually
automatically labels
a subset of your dataset.
A portion of your dataset will
still be labeled by humans.
But next, let's
double-click on how
Automatic Labeling
actually works.
It uses an innovative
ML technique
called Active Learning,
that helps us understand
which data is
well understood and can
be potentially
automatically labeled,
and then which data is
not well understood,
and may need to be looked
at humans for labeling.
What happens is that Ground
Truth can actually look at
your training dataset and
identify which data is not
well understood and thus,
needs to be sent to humans.
It also can identify
which data is
very well understood and can
be automatically labeled.
Now, how all the magic works
is that under the hood,
Ground Truth is actually training
an ML model in your
SageMaker account.
This whole process is iterative,
and Ground Truth breaks
up your data into
batches and repeats this cycle
until all your data is labeled.
Okay. So now, let's
take a step back and
understand what all of
this means for you.
First and foremost,
Ground Truth makes
data labeling easy.
It also helps you lower
your total cost of
data labeling by
up to 70 percent.
Ground Truth enables you to
securely manage your datasets,
and it can help you increase
the accuracy of
your labeled data.
Now, let's take a look
at Ground Truth in
action to get a better
feel for these features.
So now, I'm going
to walk through on
how to create a
data labeling job,
and it's just a few
clicks and a handful of
informational fields and we can
essentially kickoff
a data labeling job.
Now, there's three aspects
to data labeling job.
First of all, you need to
provide us the input dataset.
Then you need to tell
us when it needs to be
performed on that datasets.
So the actual labeling task,
and then finally, you need
to configure a workforce.
So I'll walk through each of
those three pieces and this
is all in the context of me
having 10 pictures and
I want to be able to
identify if my family dog
whose name is Freckles
is in those pictures.
Now, we'll walk through
the first part,
the input dataset first,
and here you see we've actually
already prepped that here.
So you provide us
an input manifest,
which is a JSON document and you
can see a Freckles manifest here.
You also provide us where we
will output the labeled data,
and this is the same
bucket as here.
So let's quickly take a look at
what that manifest looks like.
So here we have
the input manifest and this is
a simple JSON lines document.
So you can see each
of the images,
it's its own line,
and you provide the S3
URL for that image.
So that's how the input manifests
looks and I'm going
to minimize this now,
and that we're just
providing a pointer
to here and in it's S3.
So now, we also you have to
give access to the service,
to these S3 locations.
That's as simple as creating
a role for those S3 buckets.
So here I've already
provisioned a role,
that if I had to
create a new one,
I could just go to
the create role,
and provide the names of
the S3 buckets that I
want to give access to.
I'm not going to
create that here.
But I'm going to move on
to the next step now.
So now, we finished
the first aspect
of the data labeling job which
is providing the input dataset,
and we're going to select
the actual task type.
So this is what's going to
be performed on the task,
on the input dataset,
and if you remember,
I'm actually trying
to identify whether
my family dog named Freckles
is actually in one of the
images that I provided.
So I'm actually going to do
an image classification task
and this is pretty simple.
Basically, I want to
show an image and ask,
is Freckles in this image?
Or as Freckles not in this image?
We're going to move to next
and we're going to move
from that second step,
which is the labeling task to
actually configuring
the workforce,
and here, you see I've already
decided to use the Public
Mechanical Turk Work Force.
I have to ensure that there's
no adult content in my images.
I also need to make sure
that I'm not sending
any sensitive data to
the public workforce,
because these will be
publicly accessible and
shown to a globally
distributed public workforce.
So I've clicked those two aspects
and I've configured
the public workforce.
Now, I'm going to return
to the task setup and I'm
actually going to configure
the actual task that the
labeling workforce will see.
Here is essentially
the task prompt.
These are the options.
This is Freckles,
this is not Freckles,
and then we have actually
the informational
panel that will be
shown to the labelers So
here's a good example.
Freckles is a black cocker
spaniel, with white spots,
she's 17 years old and she
has red heart-shaped tag.
This is a bad example.
Please make sure that dogs
that are not Freckles,
please label them as
this is not Freckles.
So let's actually take a look at
what the labeler will see.
So this is actually what
the label or will see,
the image that we will have in
the dataset will
be rendered here,
and then, if I select that
this is Freckles, basically,
I can submit this and voila,
you have a task completed.
But this is just a preview,
we'll go back to the workflow,
and now we're ready to
kick off this workflow.
I did want to show one more thing
in terms of the automatic
labeling feature.
It's as simple as
clicking a check box,
and with that checkbox,
you essentially have
enabled automatic labeling.
Ground Truth will then
essentially easily be
able to automatically
label the data.
So now that we're ready,
we can submit this and
it will be sent out to
the public Mechanical Turk
Workforce, and then, basically,
once the data labeling
job is completed,
it will take the
outputted labels,
augment that initial
manifest that you provided,
and drop that into
your S3 bucket,
and we can take a look at quickly
how that augmented
manifests looks like.
So here, if you remember,
we have all the images that
we had in that manifest,
and we have the
associated label with
that and associated
metadata with that label.
You have a confidence score.
You also have what
the actual label
category will look like.
As well as other
information are like,
whether it was human
annotated or auto annotated.
Thank you for learning
about Ground Truth today.
My name's Vikram Madan,
and thanks for watching.